{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red57\green192\blue38;\red202\green51\blue35;
\red170\green171\blue37;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c25706\c77963\c19557;\cssrgb\c83899\c28663\c18026;
\cssrgb\c72331\c71682\c18599;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The bottom bar refraction effect is broken on both a 2016 iPad Pro 9,7 and a simulated iPad 10th generation. (0:10 is the automatic performance mode disabling the refraction effect on the bottom bar.)\
\
The iPad Pro is real hardware running the latest version of IOS 16, and the simulated iPad 10th generation runs IOS 18.\
\
This bug occurs both in horizontal and vertical orincational on the iPad and does not occur on a simulated iPhone or a physical iPhone. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\'91\'92\'92\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 ram1@rameezs-MacBook-Pro build % flutter doctor\
Doctor summary (to see all details, run flutter doctor -v):\
\cf3 [\uc0\u10003 ]\cf2  Flutter (Channel stable, 3.44.0, on macOS 14.8.7 23J520 darwin-x64, locale\
    en-GB)\
\cf4 [\uc0\u10007 ]\cf2  Android toolchain - develop for Android devices\

\f2\b     \cf4 \uc0\u10007 \cf2  Unable to locate Android SDK.
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       Install Android Studio from:
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       On first launch it will assist you in installing the Android SDK
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       components.
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       (or visit https://flutter.dev/to/macos-android-setup for detailed
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       instructions).
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       If the Android SDK has been installed to a custom location, please use
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       `flutter config --android-sdk` to update to that location.
\f1\b0 \
\
\cf5 [!]\cf2  Xcode - develop for iOS and macOS (Xcode 16.2)\

\f2\b     \cf5 !\cf2  CocoaPods not installed.
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b         CocoaPods is a package manager for iOS or macOS platform code.
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b         Without CocoaPods, plugins will not work on iOS or macOS.
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b         For more info, see https://flutter.dev/to/platform-plugins
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       For installation instructions, see
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html#installation
\f1\b0 \
\cf4 [\uc0\u10007 ]\cf2  Chrome - develop for the web (Cannot find Chrome executable at\
    /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome)\

\f2\b     \cf5 !\cf2  Cannot find Chrome. Try setting CHROME_EXECUTABLE to a Chrome executable.
\f1\b0 \
\cf3 [\uc0\u10003 ]\cf2  Connected device (1 available)\

\f2\b     \cf5 !\cf2  Error: Browsing on the local area network for iPhone. Ensure the device is
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       unlocked and attached with a cable or associated with the same local area
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       network as this Mac.
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       The device must be opted into Developer Mode to connect wirelessly. (code
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b       -27)
\f1\b0 \
\cf3 [\uc0\u10003 ]\cf2  Network resources\
\
\cf5 !\cf2  Doctor found issues in 3 categories.\
ram1@rameezs-MacBook-Pro build % \
\'91\'92\'92\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1  }